# mcwc

1. Create an application that designs a layout having a textview. The textview should display the message “Hello World” in the middle of the screen in red color and the background color of the layout should be green. 
2. Create an application that contains three textview. The text that is entered in the first two textviews should be concatenated and it should be displayed in the third textview. 
3. Create an application that designs a layout with a button named Show Message. When the show message button is clicked then message should be displayed in the toast “This is Android Toast Message”. 
4. Study of Creating more than activity. Create a main activity with two textviews, and a button. Create second activity with a single textview. On clicking the button on the mainactivity the concatenated text of  two textviews of mainactivity should be displayed in the textview of second activity. 
5. To understand Activity, Intent a. Create sample application with login module.(Check username and password). b. On successful login, go to next screen. And on failing login, alert user using Toast. c. Also pass username to next screen. 
6. Create login application where you will have to validate EmailID(UserName). Till the username and password is not validated , login button should remain disabled. 
7. Create an application that designs a layout having a rating bar. Whenever user gives the rating then a dialog box should appear with a message and button OK. The message in the rating bar should be displayed (e.g.: 1.5 rating selected) „You have given 1.5 Rating‟. When button OK is pressed than the dialog box should disappear. 
8. 7. Create an application that designs a layout having a toggle button. The toggle button should be set OFF as default. When the toggle button is set ON than a toast should be displayed with a message „Toggle button is set ON‟ and when the toggle button is set OFF than a toast should be displayed with a message „Toggle button is set OFF‟. 
9. Create an application that designs a layout with three check boxes named with the hobbies (e.g.: cricket, tennis, badminton etc). When the cricket check box is checked than a toast should be displayed with the message „Your hobby is Cricket‟. When the tennis check box is checked than a toast should be displayed with the message „Your hobby is tennis‟. When the badminton check box is checked than a toast should be displayed with the message „Your hobby is badminton‟. When the cricket and badminton check boxes both are checked than a toast should be displayed with the message „Your hobby is cricket and badminton‟. When the cricket and tennis check boxes both are checked than a toast should be displayed with the message „Your hobby is cricket and tennis‟. When the badminton and tennis check boxes both are checked than a toast should be displayed with the message „Your hobby is badminton and tennis‟. When all the tree check boxes are checked than the toast should be displayed with the message „Your hobbies are tennis, cricket and badminton‟. 
10. Develop calculator Android Application.
